BeNapster

Instructions


Start BeNapster

Read the disclaimer. 

Choose the preferences menu option from the Server
menu. The registration option does not work however it is only needed for
features that BeNapster does not support yet.


Fill in the preferences and press save.

Username : A nick name to identify you during the chats.
Password  : A password.
Port           : an TCP/IP port number for communications, try 6699
		  if you live behanid a firewall use 0.
email	: an email address
Connection Speed:  the speed at which you're connected to the internet.
				NB if you every go back to the preference window,
				this  option will have changed from the connection
				speed to a number, this is normal behaviour.

Press the save button.

Connect to the internet if necessary, then choose the connect option in the
server menu. The text view should show some informative messages telling
you for far the connection has got. Then the Napster server's MTOD will
make an appearence.

Choose the Find option in the MP3's menu, the find window will pop
up. This is fairly self explainatory. Type the name of the artist or
the name of the song if the appropriate box and click 'FIND'.

While a search is active the find button will remain greyed out.

The list view will be filled by the search results The format of the
results is...

"filename" md5 filesize bitrate frequency length nick ip link-type


"filename", md5, filesize, bitrate, frequency and length all refer to the MP3

nick is the user owns this MP3, ip is a number version of his IP address.

link-type is a numeric code for the connection speed

0  unknown
1  14.4 kbps
2  28.8 kpbs
3  33.6 kbps
4  56.7 kbps
5  64K ISDN
6  128K ISDN
7  Cable
8  DSL
9  T1
10 T3 or greater

as you can see the higher the better.

If you see an MP3 you want, select it and press the 'Get' button
hopefully after a short time a download window will appear
and the MP3 will start to download.

You can have up to three downloads going at any one time
however, until BeNapster is a little more stable I wouldn't recomend it.

Once the download finishes the window should close, occasionally it
doesn't, just leave it there, you can check the file size to double check that
the download has finished.

When you're finished chose the Disconnect option from the server menu and
close the server window.